---
custom_style: exam
layout: kyeng
title: 2009
---
custom_style: exam

## Text 1

Habits are a funny thing. We reach for them mindlessly, setting our brains on auto-
pilot and relaxing into the unconscious comfort of familiar routine. “Not choice, but habit
rules the unreflecting herd,” William Wordsworth said in the 19th century. In the ever-
changing 21st century, even the word “habit” carries a negative implication.

So it seems paradoxical to talk about habits in the same context as creativity and
innovation. But brain researchers have discovered that when we consciously develop new
habits, we create parallel paths, and even entirely new brain cells, that can jump our
trains of thought onto new, innovative tracks.

Rather than dismissing ourselves as unchangeable creatures of habit, we can instead
direct our own change by consciously developing new habits. In fact, the more new
things we try — the more we step outside our comfort zone — the more inherently
creative we become, both in the workplace and in our personal lives.

But don’t bother trying to kill off old habits; once those ruts of procedure are worn
into the brain, they’re there to stay. Instead, the new habits we deliberately press into
ourselves create parallel pathways that can bypass those old roads.

“The first thing needed for innovation is a fascination with wonder,” says Dawna
Markova, author of The Open Mind. “But we are taught instead to ‘decide’, just as our
president calls himself ‘the Decider’.” She adds, however, that “to decide is to kill off
all possibilities but one. A good innovational thinker is always exploring the many other
possibilities.”

All of us work through problems in ways of which we’re unaware, she says.
Researchers in the late 1960s discovered that humans are born with the capacity to
approach challenges in four primary ways: analytically, procedurally, relationally (or
collaboratively) and innovatively. At the end of adolescence, however, the brain shuts
down half of that capacity, preserving only those modes of thought that have seemed
most valuable during the first decade or so of life.

The current emphasis on standardized testing highlights analysis and procedure,
meaning that few of us inherently use our innovative and collaborative modes of thought.
“This breaks the major rule in the American belief system — that anyone can do
anything,” explains M. J. Ryan, author of the 2006 book This Year I Will... and Ms.
Markova’s business partner. “That’s a lie that we have perpetuated, and it fosters
commonness. Knowing what you’re good at and doing even more of it creates
excellence.” This is where developing new habits comes in.

21. In Wordsworth’s view, “habits” is characterized by being ____  
    A. casual.  
    B. familiar.  
    C. mechanical.  
    D. changeable.  
22. Brain researchers have discovered that the formation of new habits can be ____  
    A. predicted.  
    B. regulated.  
    C. traced.  
    D. guided.  
23. The word “ruts” (Paragraph 4) is closest in meaning to ____  
    A. tracks.  
    B. series.  
    C. characteristics.  
    D. connections.  
24. Dawna Markova would most probably agree that ____  
    A. ideas are born of a relaxing mind.  
    B. innovativeness could be taught.  
    C. decisiveness derives from fantastic ideas.  
    D. curiosity activates creative minds.  
25. Ryan’s comments suggest that the practice of standardized testing ____  
    A. prevents new habits from being formed.  
    B. no longer emphasizes commonness.  
    C. maintains the inherent American thinking mode.  
    D. complies with the American belief system.  

## Text 2

It is a wise father that knows his own child, but today a man can boost his paternal
(fatherly) wisdom — or at least confirm that he’s the kid’s dad. All he needs to do is
shell out $30 for a paternity testing kit (PTK) at his local drugstore — and another
$120 to get the results.

More than 60,000 people have purchased the PTKs since they first became
available without prescriptions last year, according to Doug Fogg, chief operating
officer of Identigene, which makes the over-the-counter kits. More than two dozen
companies sell DNA tests directly to the public, ranging in price from a few hundred
dollars to more than $2,500.

Among the most popular: paternity and kinship testing, which adopted children can
use to find their biological relatives and families can use to track down kids put up for
adoption. DNA testing is also the latest rage among passionate genealogists — and
supports businesses that offer to search for a family’s geographic roots.

Most tests require collecting cells by swabbing saliva in the mouth and sending it
to the company for testing. All tests require a potential candidate with whom to compare
DNA.

But some observers are skeptical. “There’s a kind of false precision being hawked
by people claiming they are doing ancestry testing,” says Troy Duster, a New York
University sociologist. He notes that each individual has many ancestors — numbering in
the hundreds just a few centuries back. Yet most ancestry testing only considers a single
lineage, either the Y chromosome inherited through men in a father’s line or
mitochondrial DNA, which is passed down only from mothers. This DNA can reveal
genetic information about only one or two ancestors, even though, for example, just
three generations back people also have six other great-grandparents or, four generations
back, 14 other great-great-grandparents.

Critics also argue that commercial genetic testing is only as good as the reference
collections to which a sample is compared. Databases used by some companies don’t
rely on data collected systematically but rather lump together information from different
research projects. This means that a DNA database may have a lot of data from some
regions and not others, so a person’s test results may differ depending on the company
that processes the results. In addition, the computer programs a company uses to estimate
relationships may be patented and not subject to peer review or outside evaluation.

26. In Paragraphs 1 and 2, the text shows PTK’s ____  
    A. easy availability.  
    B. flexibility in pricing.  
    C. successful promotion.  
    D. popularity with households.  
27. PTK is used to ____  
    A. locate one’s birth place.  
    B. promote genetic research.  
    C. identify parent-child kinship.  
    D. choose children for adoption.  
28. Skeptical observers believe that ancestry testing fails to ____  
    A. trace distant ancestors.  
    B. rebuild reliable bloodlines.  
    C. fully use genetic information.  
    D. achieve the claimed accuracy.  
29. In the last paragraph, a problem commercial genetic testing faces is ____  
    A. disorganized data collection.  
    B. overlapping database building.  
    C. excessive sample comparison.  
    D. lack of patent evaluation.  
30. An appropriate title for the text is most likely to be____  
    A. Fors and Againsts of DNA Testing.  
    B. DNA Testing and Its Problems.  
    C. DNA Testing Outside the Lab.  
    D. Lies Behind DNA Testing.  

## Text 3

The relationship between formal education and economic growth in poor countries
is widely misunderstood by economists and politicians alike. Progress in both areas is
undoubtedly necessary for the social, political, and intellectual development of these
and all other societies; however, the conventional view that education should be one of
the very highest priorities for promoting rapid economic development in poor countries is
wrong. We are fortunate that it is, because building new educational systems there and
putting enough people through them to improve economic performance would require
two or three generations. The findings of a research institution have consistently shown
that workers in all countries can be trained on the job to achieve radically higher
productivity and, as a result, radically higher standards of living.

Ironically, the first evidence for this idea appeared in the United States. Not long
ago, with the country entering a recession and Japan at its pre-bubble peak, the U.S.
workforce was derided as poorly educated and one of the primary causes of the poor
U.S. economic performance. Japan was, and remains, the global leader in automotive-
assembly productivity. Yet the research revealed that the U.S. factories of Honda,
Nissan, and Toyota achieved about 95 percent of the productivity of their Japanese
counterparts — a result of the training that U.S. workers received on the job.

More recently, while examining housing construction, the researchers discovered
that illiterate, non-English-speaking Mexican workers in Houston, Texas, consistently
met best-practice labor productivity standards despite the complexity of the building
industry’s work.

What is the real relationship between education and economic development? We
have to suspect that continuing economic growth promotes the development of education
even when governments don’t force it. After all, that’s how education got started. When
our ancestors were hunters and gatherers 10,000 years ago, they didn’t have time to
wonder much about anything besides finding food. Only when humanity began to get its
food in a more productive way was there time for other things.

As education improved, humanity’s productivity potential increased as well. When
the competitive environment pushed our ancestors to achieve that potential, they could in
turn afford more education. This increasingly high level of education is probably a
necessary, but not a sufficient, condition for the complex political systems required by
advanced economic performance. Thus poor countries might not be able to escape their
poverty traps without political changes that may be possible only with broader formal
education. A lack of formal education, however, doesn’t constrain the ability of the
developing world’s workforce to substantially improve productivity for the foreseeable
future. On the contrary, constraints on improving productivity explain why education
isn’t developing more quickly there than it is.

31. The author holds in Paragraph 1 that the importance of education in poor countries____  
    A. is subject to groundless doubts.  
    B. has fallen victim of bias.  
    C. is conventionally downgraded.  
    D. has been overestimated.  
32. It is stated in Paragraph 1 that the construction of a new educational system ____  
    A. challenges economists and politicians.  
    B. takes efforts of generations.  
    C. demands priority from the government.  
    D. requires sufficient labor force.  
33. A major difference between the Japanese and U.S. workforces is that ____  
    A. the Japanese workforce is better disciplined.  
    B. the Japanese workforce is more productive.  
    C. the U.S. workforce has a better education.  
    D. the U.S. workforce is more organized.  
34. The author quotes the example of our ancestors to show that education emerged ____  
    A. when people had enough time.  
    B. prior to better ways of finding food.  
    C. when people no longer went hungry.  
    D. as a result of pressure on government.  
35. According to the last paragraph, development of education ____  
    A. results directly from competitive environments.  
    B. does not depend on economic performance.  
    C. follows improved productivity.  
    D. cannot afford political changes.  

## Text 4

The most thoroughly studied intellectuals in the history of the New World are the
ministers and political leaders of seventeenth-century New England. According to the
standard history of American philosophy, nowhere else in colonial America was “so
much importance attached to intellectual pursuits.” According to many books and
articles, New England’s leaders established the basic themes and preoccupations of an
unfolding, dominant Puritan tradition in American intellectual life.

To take this approach to the New Englanders normally means to start with the
Puritans’ theological innovations and their distinctive ideas about the church —
important subjects that we may not neglect. But in keeping with our examination of
southern intellectual life, we may consider the original Puritans as carriers of European
culture, adjusting to New World circumstances. The New England colonies were the
scenes of important episodes in the pursuit of widely understood ideals of civility and
virtuosity.

The early settlers of Massachusetts Bay included men of impressive education and
influence in England. Besides the ninety or so learned ministers who came to
Massachusetts churches in the decade after 1629, there were political leaders like John
Winthrop, an educated gentleman, lawyer, and official of the Crown before he journeyed
to Boston. These men wrote and published extensively, reaching both New World and
Old World audiences, and giving New England an atmosphere of intellectual earnestness.

We should not forget, however, that most New Englanders were less well
educated. While few craftsmen or farmers, let alone dependents and servants, left
literary compositions to be analyzed, it is obvious that their views were less fully
intellectualized. Their thinking often had a traditional superstitious quality. A tailor
named John Dane, who emigrated in the late 1630s, left an account of his reasons for
leaving England that is filled with signs. Sexual confusion, economic frustrations, and
religious hope — all came together in a decisive moment when he opened the Bible, told
his father that the first line he saw would settle his fate, and read the magical words:
“Come out from among them, touch no unclean thing, and I will be your God and you
shall be my people.” One wonders what Dane thought of the careful sermons explaining
the Bible that he heard in Puritan churches.

Meanwhile, many settlers had slighter religious commitments than Dane’s, as one
clergyman learned in confronting folk along the coast who mocked that they had not
come to the New world for religion. “Our main end was to catch fish.”

36. The author holds that in the seventeenth-century New England ____  
    A. Puritan tradition dominated political life.  
    B. intellectual interests were encouraged.  
    C. politics benefited much from intellectual endeavors.  
    D. intellectual pursuits enjoyed a liberal environment.  
37. It is suggested in Paragraph 2 that New Englanders ____  
    A. experienced a comparatively peaceful early history.  
    B. brought with them the culture of the Old World.  
    C. paid little attention to southern intellectual life.  
    D. were obsessed with religious innovations.  
38. The early ministers and political leaders in Massachusetts Bay ____  
    A. were famous in the New World for their writings.  
    B. gained increasing importance in religious affairs.  
    C. abandoned high positions before coming to the New World.  
    D. created a new intellectual atmosphere in New England.  
39. The story of John Dane shows that less well-educated New Englanders were often____  
    A. influenced by superstitions.  
    B. troubled with religious beliefs.  
    C. puzzled by church sermons.  
    D. frustrated with family earnings.  
40. The text suggests that early settlers in New England ____  
    A. were mostly engaged in political activities.  
    B. were motivated by an illusory prospect.  
    C. came from different intellectual backgrounds.  
    D. left few formal records for later reference.  
