---
layout: kyeng
title: 2014
custom_style: exam
---

## Text 1

In order to “change lives for the better” and reduce “dependency”, George Osborne,
Chancellor of the Exchequer, introduced the “upfront work search” scheme. Only if the
jobless arrive at the jobcentre with a CV, register for online job search, and start looking for
work will they be eligible for benefit — and then they should report weekly rather than
fortnightly. What could be more reasonable?

More apparent reasonableness followed. There will now be a seven-day wait for the
jobseeker’s allowance. “Those first few days should be spent looking for work, not looking
to sign on,” he claimed. “We’re doing these things because we know they help people stay off
benefits and help those on benefits get into work faster.” Help? Really? On first hearing, this
was the socially concerned chancellor, trying to change lives for the better, complete with
“reforms” to an obviously indulgent system that demands too little effort from the newly
unemployed to find work, and subsidises laziness. What motivated him, we were to
understand, was his zeal for “fundamental fairness” — protecting the taxpayer, controlling
spending and ensuring that only the most deserving claimants received their benefits.

Losing a job is hurting: you don’t skip down to the jobcentre with a song in your heart,
delighted at the prospect of doubling your income from the generous state. It is financially
terrifying, psychologically embarrassing and you know that support is minimal and
extraordinarily hard to get. You are now not wanted; you are now excluded from the work
environment that offers purpose and structure in your life. Worse, the crucial income to feed
yourself and your family and pay the bills has disappeared. Ask anyone newly unemployed
what they want and the answer is always: a job.

But in Osborneland, your first instinct is to fall into dependency — permanent
dependency if you can get it — supported by a state only too ready to indulge your falsehood.
It is as though 20 years of ever-tougher reforms of the job search and benefit administration
system never happened. The principle of British welfare is no longer that you can insure
yourself against the risk of unemployment and receive unconditional payments if the disaster
happens. Even the very phrase “jobseeker’s allowance” is about redefining the unemployed as
a “jobseeker” who had no fundamental right to a benefit he or she has earned through making
national insurance contributions. Instead, the claimant receives a time-limited “allowance”,
conditional on actively seeking a job; no entitlement and no insurance, at £71.70 a week, one
of the least generous in the EU.

21. George Osborne’s scheme was intended to ____    
    A. provide the unemployed with easier access to benefits.  
    B. encourage jobseekers’ active engagement in job seeking.  
    C. motivate the unemployed to report voluntarily.  
    D. guarantee jobseekers’ legitimate right to benefits.  
22. The phrase “to sign on” (Para. 2) most probably means ____  
    A. to check on the availability of jobs at the jobcentre.  
    B. to accept the government’s restrictions on the allowance.  
    C. to register for an allowance from the government.  
    D. to attend a governmental job-training program.  
23. What promoted the chancellor to develop his scheme?  
    A. A desire to secure a better life for all.  
    B. An eagerness to protect the unemployed.  
    C. An urge to be generous to the claimants.  
    D. A passion to ensure fairness for taxpayers.  
24. According to Paragraph 3, being unemployed makes one feel ____  
    A. uneasy.  
    B. enraged.  
    C. insulted.  
    D. guilty.  
25. To which of the following would the author most probably agree?  
    A. The British welfare system indulges jobseekers’ laziness.  
    B. Osborne’s reforms will reduce the risk of unemployment.  
    C. The jobseekers’ allowance has met their actual needs.  
    D. Unemployment benefits should not be made conditional.  

## Text 2

All around the world, lawyers generate more hostility than the members of any other
profession — with the possible exception of journalism. But there are few places where
clients have more grounds for complaint than America.

During the decade before the economic crisis, spending on legal services in America
grew twice as fast as inflation. The best lawyers made skyscrapers-full of money, tempting
ever more students to pile into law schools. But most law graduates never get a big-firm job.
Many of them instead become the kind of nuisance-lawsuit filer that makes the tort system a
costly nightmare.

There are many reasons for this. One is the excessive costs of a legal education. There is
just one path for a lawyer in most American states: a four-year undergraduate degree in some
unrelated subject, then a three-year law degree at one of 200 law schools authorized by the
American Bar Association and an expensive preparation for the bar exam. This leaves today’s
average law-school graduate with $100,000 of debt on top of undergraduate debts. Law-
school debt means that they have to work fearsomely hard.

Reforming the system would help both lawyers and their customers. Sensible ideas have
been around for a long time, but the state-level bodies that govern the profession have been
too conservative to implement them. One idea is to allow people to study law as an
undergraduate degree. Another is to let students sit for the bar after only two years of law
school. If the bar exam is truly a stern enough test for a would-be lawyer, those who can sit it
earlier should be allowed to do so. Students who do not need the extra training could cut their
debt mountain by a third.

The other reason why costs are so high is the restrictive guild-like ownership structure of
the business. Except in the District of Columbia, non-lawyers may not own any share of a law
firm. This keeps fees high and innovation slow. There is pressure for change from within the
profession, but opponents of change among the regulators insist that keeping outsiders out of
a law firm isolates lawyers from the pressure to make money rather than serve clients
ethically.

In fact, allowing non-lawyers to own shares in law firms would reduce costs and
improve services to customers, by encouraging law firms to use technology and to employ
professional managers to focus on improving firms’ efficiency. After all, other countries, such
as Australia and Britain, have started liberalizing their legal professions. America should
follow.

26. A lot of students take up law as their profession due to ____  
    A. the growing demand from clients.  
    B. the increasing pressure of inflation.  
    C. the prospect of working in big firms.  
    D. the attraction of financial rewards.  
27. Which of the following adds to the costs of legal education in most American states?  
    A. Higher tuition fees for undergraduate studies.  
    B. Admissions approval from the bar association.  
    C. Pursuing a bachelor’s degree in another major.  
    D. Receiving training by professional associations.  
28. Hindrance to the reform of the legal system originates from ____  
    A. lawyers’ and clients’ strong resistance.  
    B. the rigid bodies governing the profession.  
    C. the stern exam for would-be lawyers.  
    D. non-professionals’ sharp criticism.  
29. The guild-like ownership structure is considered “restrictive” partly because it ____  
    A. bans outsiders’ involvement in the profession.  
    B. keeps lawyers from holding law-firm shares.  
    C. aggravates the ethical situation in the trade.  
    D. prevents lawyers from gaining due profits.  
30. In this text, the author mainly discusses ____  
    A. flawed ownership of America’s law firms and its causes.  
    B. the factors that help make a successful lawyer in America.  
    C. a problem in America’s legal profession and solutions to it.  
    D. the role of undergraduate studies in America’s legal education.  

## Text 3

The US $3-million Fundamental Physics Prize is indeed an interesting experiment, as
Alexander Polyakov said when he accepted this year’s award in March. And it is far from the
only one of its type. As a News Feature article in Nature discusses, a string of lucrative
awards for researchers have joined the Nobel Prizes in recent years. Many, like the
Fundamental Physics Prize, are funded from the telephone-number-sized bank accounts of
Internet entrepreneurs. These benefactors have succeeded in their chosen fields, they say, and
they want to use their wealth to draw attention to those who have succeeded in science.

What’s not to like? Quite a lot, according to a handful of scientists quoted in the News
Feature. You cannot buy class, as the old saying goes, and these upstart entrepreneurs cannot
buy their prizes the prestige of the Nobels. The new awards are an exercise in self-promotion
for those behind them, say scientists. They could distort the achievement-based system of
peer-review-led research. They could cement the status quo of peer-reviewed research. They
do not fund peer-reviewed research. They perpetuate the myth of the lone genius.

The goals of the prize-givers seem as scattered as the criticism. Some want to shock,
others to draw people into science, or to better reward those who have made their careers in
research.

As Nature has pointed out before, there are some legitimate concerns about how science
prizes — both new and old — are distributed. The Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences,
launched this year, takes an unrepresentative view of what the life sciences include. But the
Nobel Foundation’s limit of three recipients per prize, each of whom must still be living, has
long been outgrown by the collaborative nature of modern research — as will be
demonstrated by the inevitable row over who is ignored when it comes to acknowledging the
discovery of the Higgs boson. The Nobels were, of course, themselves set up by a very rich
individual who had decided what he wanted to do with his own money. Time, rather than
intention, has given them legitimacy.

As much as some scientists may complain about the new awards, two things seem clear.
First, most researchers would accept such a prize if they were offered one. Second, it is surely
a good thing that the money and attention come to science rather than go elsewhere. It is fair
to criticize and question the mechanism — that is the culture of research, after all — but it is
the prize-givers’ money to do with as they please. It is wise to take such gifts with gratitude
and grace.

31. The Fundamental Physics Prize is seen as ____  
    A. a symbol of the entrepreneurs’ wealth.  
    B. a possible replacement of the Nobel Prizes.  
    C. an example of bankers’ investments.  
    D. a handsome reward for researchers.  
32. The critics think that the new awards will most benefit ____  
    A. the profit-oriented scientists.  
    B. the founders of the new awards.  
    C. the achievement-based system.  
    D. peer-review-led research.  
33. The discovery of the Higgs boson is a typical case which involves ____  
    A. controversies over the recipients’ status.  
    B. the joint effort of modern researchers.  
    C. legitimate concerns over the new prizes.  
    D. the demonstration of research findings.  
34. According to Paragraph 4, which of the following is true of the Nobels?  
    A. Their endurance has done justice to them.  
    B. Their legitimacy has long been in dispute.  
    C. They are the most representative honor.  
    D. History has never cast doubt on them.  
35. The author believes that the new awards are ____  
    A. acceptable despite the criticism.  
    B. harmful to the culture of research.  
    C. subject to undesirable changes.  
    D. unworthy of public attention.  

## Text 4

“The Heart of the Matter,” the just-released report by the American Academy of Arts and
Sciences (AAAS), deserves praise for affirming the importance of the humanities and social
sciences to the prosperity and security of liberal democracy in America. Regrettably, however,
the report’s failure to address the true nature of the crisis facing liberal education may cause
more harm than good.

In 2010, leading congressional Democrats and Republicans sent letters to the AAAS
asking that it identify actions that could be taken by “federal, state and local governments,
universities, foundations, educators, individual benefactors and others” to “maintain national
excellence in humanities and social scientific scholarship and education.” In response, the
American Academy formed the Commission on the Humanities and Social Sciences. Among
the commission’s 51 members are top-tier-university presidents, scholars, lawyers, judges,
and business executives, as well as prominent figures from diplomacy, filmmaking, music
and journalism.

The goals identified in the report are generally admirable. Because representative
government presupposes an informed citizenry, the report supports full literacy; stresses the
study of history and government, particularly American history and American government;
and encourages the use of new digital technologies. To encourage innovation and competition,
the report calls for increased investment in research, the crafting of coherent curricula that
improve students’ ability to solve problems and communicate effectively in the 21st century,
increased funding for teachers and the encouragement of scholars to bring their learning to
bear on the great challenges of the day. The report also advocates greater study of foreign
languages, international affairs and the expansion of study abroad programs.

Unfortunately, despite 2½ years in the making, “The Heart of the Matter” never gets to
the heart of the matter: the illiberal nature of liberal education at our leading colleges and
universities. The commission ignores that for several decades America’s colleges and
universities have produced graduates who don’t know the content and character of liberal
education and are thus deprived of its benefits. Sadly, the spirit of inquiry once at home on
campus has been replaced by the use of the humanities and social sciences as vehicles for
publicizing “progressive,” or left-liberal propaganda.

Today, professors routinely treat the progressive interpretation of history and progressive
public policy as the proper subject of study while portraying conservative or classical liberal
ideas — such as free markets and self-reliance — as falling outside the boundaries of routine,
and sometimes legitimate, intellectual investigation.

The AAAS displays great enthusiasm for liberal education. Yet its report may well set
back reform by obscuring the depth and breadth of the challenge that Congress asked it to
illuminate.
36. According to Paragraph 1, what is the author’s attitude toward the AAAS’s report?  
    A. Critical.  
    B. Appreciative.  
    C. Contemptuous.  
    D. Tolerant.  
37. Influential figures in the Congress required that the AAAS report on how to ____  
    A. retain people’s interest in liberal education.  
    B. define the government’s role in education.  
    C. keep a leading position in liberal education.  
    D. safeguard individuals’ rights to education.  
38. According to Paragraph 3, the report suggests ____  
    A. an exclusive study of American history.  
    B. a greater emphasis on theoretical subjects.  
    C. the application of emerging technologies.  
    D. funding for the study of foreign languages.  
39. The author implies in Paragraph 5 that professors are ____  
    A. supportive of free markets.  
    B. cautious about intellectual investigation.  
    C. conservative about public policy.  
    D. biased against classical liberal ideas.  
40. Which of the following would be the best title for the text?  
    A. Ways to Grasp “The Heart of the Matter”.  
    B. Illiberal Education and “The Heart of the Matter”.  
    C. The AAAS’s Contribution to Liberal Education.  
    D. Progressive Policy vs. Liberal Education.  
